Q1. Write the difference between JRE, JDK and JVM?
 --> JDK
  a. It is a java development kit, with the help of
  	which any developer can make java application which
  	will work on any platform as it follows WORA concept.
  b. This kit is only need if someone wants to create a
  	programme, it contains Developer Tool (compiler,debugger,etc)
  	and JRE(java runtime environment) 
  	
  --> JRE
  a. It stands for Java Runtime Environment. It's used for running
  	java applications that has been created by java developers.
  b. when compiler create byte code from source code then to run that file
  	this environment is needed.
  c. As java works on WORA concept so in whichever device we want to run that
  	code we only need to install JRE software and it will run accordingly.
  	
  --> JVM
  a. JVM stands for Java Virtual Machine. It is a software component of JRE
  	and works according to the main method of paticular class of java file.
  b. To call JVM command java is required before that class name without extention,
  	So this will read only that method which has main method.
  c. It convert Byte-code (class file) to OS-understandable language for different OS
  	into which  this JRE is installed(windows-OS,Mac-OS,Linux, etc,).
  	
  	
Q2.Write the difference between JSE, JEE and JME?
--> JSE
a.JSE stands for java standard Edition, it is core java upon which other two i.e.
	JEE and JME also work.
b. It is a specification (Documentation) of sun-microsystems which contains many
	libraries which is vrey much helped in making applications.
c. It is robust and that's why it is use extensively in the organizations.

--> JEE
a. It stands for java enterprise edition and works on J2SE.
b. It is used for making big java applications with secure networks.
c. It provides API's and runtime environments for developing large-scale,
	multi-tiered applications.
	
 --> JME
 a. It stands for Java Micro Edition.
 b. It is subset of J2SE and it is used for designing micro-divices like
 	set-top boxes, sensors , mobile phones etc.
 	

Q3. How does java achieve platform independency?
--> When we write java source code using note-pad or any IDE's and when compiler
	check the source code and compile it, it get convert to .class file in form of 
	Byte-code by Compiler of Development Tool.
		This Byte-code is actually plateform independent, so in whatever device we want
	to run our code we just need to install JRE software in it and this JRE contain JVM 
	component software which take byte-code and give to that particular OS in which it is 
	installed and it will underlying in the process and give deried result according to 
	JAVA-code.
	So by Byte-code java achieve plateform independency.
	
Q4.What are features of Java and explain them?
a. Simple - it is simple to learn and its syntax is clean and easy.
b. Object oriented - It supports OOP's concepts by which we can make our code more secure
			secure and easy to maintain as compare to structured programming .
c. Platform Independent - It works on WORA concept that's why it is plateform independent.
			It uses JRE for running code of different plateforms .
d. Secure - It uses OOP's and has predefined well known network security implemented
		which make java more secure than other languages.
e. Robust - It is good in memory management and has many classes which help java in exceptional
		handling and has predefined libraries, which makes it very robust as compare to others.
f. Multithreaded - It supports multi-threading by which it is able to perform multiple funcitons 
		simultaneously.
 